# portofilio



## Installation
### Gem installation instructions
Add this line to your Jekyll site's `Gemfile`:

```ruby
gem "portofilio"
```

And add this line to your Jekyll site's `_config.yml`:

```yaml
theme: portofilio
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install portofilio

### Github pages installation instructions
Use the remote-theme plugin as described [here.](https://github.com/benbalter/jekyll-remote-theme)

```
remote-theme: zacharesmer/portfolio-theme
```

# Usage


## CV
The sections of the CV are implemented as collections. They all support a `priority` attribute, which is a number that determines how it will be displayed in the CV. Lower numbers are closer to the top. They also all support a `show` attribute, which if set to false means the item will not be shown on the CV page. In the case of projects, a project with `show` set to `false`  will still appear on the project page.
### Personal info
Edit your name, github, and email in the front matter of the CV.html page.
### Jobs
To add a job, copy the `_templates/job.md` file into `_jobs`.

The CV supports writing a description in the main part of the file and will interpret markdown.

### Education
To add an education entry, copy the `_templates/education.md` file into `_education`.

The CV supports writing a description in the main part of the file and will interpret markdown.

### Projects
This pulls from the projects collection and displays any projects with the attribute `show` set to `true`. See a description of the projects collection below.

### Skills
This section is pulled from the skills collection, which has files for different categories of skills. To add a skill to an existing category, add it to the bottom of the file in `_skills/category-name.md`. To add a new category, copy the file `_templates/skill.md` into `_skills`.

## Projects
The projects collection is used to generate a projects page and the projects section of the CV. To create a new project, copy the `_templates/project.md` file into `_projects`.

Projects will be displayed sorted by priority on the CV, with lower numbers closer to the top of the page. They will be displayed in reverse chronological order on the projects page, with newer projects closer to the top, sorted by the `date` attribute. The `show` attribute only affects whether the project is shown in the CV. A project with `show` set to `false`  will still appear on the project page.

## Adding another section
Each page in the nav bar is a markdown or html file in the `main-pages` directory. The nav bar is generated by iterating through entries in `_data/nav.yml`. To make a new page, copy `_templates/main-page` into the `main-pages` directory (it is just front matter and will work as an html or markdown file). Then add an entry to `_data/nav.yml` in the form:
```
  - name: 
    link: 
```
`name` is what will appear in the nav bar, and `link` is the permalink attribute of the page.

Similarly, those are the places to edit if you want to change the name of a page or its link in the nav bar.

## Contributing

Pull requests and forks are welcome on [this theme's github page.](https://github.com/zacharesmer/portfolio-theme)

## Development

To set up your environment to develop this theme, run `bundle install`.

The theme is setup just like a normal Jekyll site! To test it, run `bundle exec jekyll serve --livereload` and open your browser at `http://localhost:4000`. This starts a Jekyll server using your theme. Add pages, documents, data, etc. like normal to test your theme's contents. As you make modifications to your theme and to your content, your site will regenerate and you should see the changes in the browser.

## License

The theme is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

